improvements to the observabaility strategy (#715)
kyma-project/community: concepts/observability-strategy/configurable-tracing/02-tracing-collectors.md

## Requirements

> The agent's responsibility is to collect all span data in the cluster (Istio, Serverless, Eventing, custom) and ship them in a configurable way to targets. The agent is not meant to be used as backend system, so ideally it is even stateless.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The agent's responsibility is to collect all span data in the cluster (Istio, Serverless, Eventing, custom) and ship them in a configurable way to targets. The agent is not meant to be used as backend system, so ideally, it is stateless.
```

- Collection

>   - Support OTLP push approach, ideally with service discovery. A lot of apps are based on the pull approach and should not be rewritten or operated with a sidecar only for transforming that approach.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Support OTLP push approach, ideally with service discovery. Many apps are based on the pull approach and should not have to be rewritten or operated with a sidecar, only to transform that approach.
```

>   - Support push-based model using OTLP.

Reviewer: Isn't this identical to line 8, just in fewer words?
Is line 8 really about push approach, or did you mean `pull` approach there (which would match the 2nd sentence better)

>   - Scale-out must be possible dependent on incoming traffic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Scale-out must be possible, depending on incoming traffic
```

- Filter

>   - Support filtering traces/spans per pipeline based on the following criteria:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Support filtering traces or spans per pipeline, based on the following criteria:
```

>      - Source by Namespace or Pod name and Kubernetes labels

Reviewer: yay perfect capitalization!

>   - Simple tail-based sampling based on percentage, potentially also by other criterias

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Simple tail-based sampling based on percentage, potentially also by other criteria
```

"criteria" is already [plural](https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/criteria). If you mean one, it's "criterion".

- Output
  - Independent outputs (with buffer or retry management)
  - OTLP support

## Alternatives

### Jaeger Collector

> The Jaeger Collector is providing support for several input like OTLP, however, the outputs are related to backends support by Jaeger like Cassandra. It is not meant to be used to integrate other systems via OTLP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Jaeger Collector provides support for several inputs like OTLP; however, the outputs are related to backends support by Jaeger, like Cassandra. It is not meant to be used to integrate other systems with OTLP.
```

### Grafana Agent

> License is problematic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
License is problematic.
```

### OpenCensus Collector

> OpenCensus will be deprecated, OpenTelemetry should be used instead

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenCensus will be deprecated. OpenTelemetry should be used instead.
```
